Mechanics Tutorials (#18828)
idaholab/moose: modules/tensor_mechanics/doc/content/modules/tensor_mechanics/tutorials/introduction/answer02b.md

> What changes if you scale Young's and applied pressure by the same amount. Why?

Both Young's modulus and applied pressure share the same units (let's call them

> pascal in this example) - force over area. While are is present in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pascal in this example) - force over area. While they pressure is present in the
```
??

Author: are -> area
